Congratulations guys.
This has been a fantastic section and the bunnies you've already shared.
Wow.
Book characters I've seen already.
Thank you for sharing.
And if you haven't done yet if you were a bit shy about sharing your work please don't be.
I love as a teacher seeing how you guys are getting on.
It really inspires me as a teacher and it also inspires students that are not quite at this level yet
in the course to make them carry on as always carrying on is what I want you to do straightaway so hop
on to the next section or there's an alternative and apply the knowledge you've already learnt on models
we've already done or perhaps something that you have been working on outside of the course.
And remember to share that as well.
I love seeing other things that you guys are doing.
So with that in mind let's hop back on over into blender.